# Hw 08 #

### 2.6 Blinking an LED ###

The file hello.pru0.c will blink the USR3 LED, and the file led.pru0.c will blink a GPIO LED. The file speed.pru0.c toggles the GPIO as fast as possible to measure the maximum
frequency, which I measured at 12.5 MHz. The signal at this speed was not very stable and was not very square.

### 5.3 PWM Generator ###

The file pwm.pru0.c generates a pwm signal through the PRU GPIO. The std_dev at 50MHz was 70kHz, and the waveform was not at all square. The waveform was fairly stable however.

### 5.4 Controlling the PWM Frequency ###

The PRU code for this section is in pwm4.pru0.c, and the ARM code is in pwm_test.c or the binary pwm_test. This code uses bits 0-3 which corresponds to pins 31, 29, 30 and 28. The highest frequency I was able to record was 630kHz, and the waveform looked pretty good at that frequency. The ARM code was able to dynamically change the PWM wave generated by the PRU.

### 5.9 Reading an Input at Regular Intervals ###

The file button.pru0.c turns on a GPIO LED when a button is pressed. The response time is very difficult to measure because it is so quick and the signals do not have time to settle, but it appears to be about 20ns.

### 5.10 Analog Wave Generator ###

The file sin.pru0.c creates the waveform generation. Along with the low pass filter, I was able to make several different types of waveforms. Although you can clearly see the pwm signals when you zoom in, from a surface view on the oscilloscope the generated signals look really good. I think if I had designed a better RC filter the waveforms could be much better, but I just threw something together to try it. I attached a picture of the generated sine wave

https://photos.app.goo.gl/6nDGLktpJ3Rt92ZX9

*Nice sine wave*

# hw08 grading

| Points      | Description |
| ----------- | ----------- |
| 14/14 | PRU
|  2/2 | Controlling the PWM Frequency - optional
|  2/2 | Reading an Input at Regular Intervals - optional
|  2/2 | Analog Wave Generator - optional
| 20/20 | **Total**

*My comments are in italics. --may*
